google here is the best and be well
welcome to this trophy and today of the game
one day if lucas gotta went today was
writing that asked the game does almost there
eight months that already left and I decided
bring it here he asked you it's not you
I'm wrong, it 's a perfect miracle it 's a trophy.
very easy fell
first you have to not much in the
multiplayer né win verses you can see
on the screen that is held by the button ps
I selected the exterminator as a player
ps button has security settings
control I put control 2
put any other character there
then it will appear on the screen to make
It's one thing to go back to control one.
very easy beauty that you can do
see on screen
after that only you put any
stadium time if you want can
put it too and there you only squeeze
down front and triangle in the
Playstation 3
if you have an xbox 360 you will
go back down
there you only keep doing it and I did it
that the whole fight is because
had a good amount of God and is
fast boat this battle in a
minute or less
Now if you want to be there, 15 is five.
these movements and I think it already gives
calm then there after you
get to kill the other character all
of the Chinese total the trophy will pop up face
so what I recommend I do not know how many
told the exterminator he is going
able to do with each movement then
if you keep making this move it's
very fast easy and beauty so is this
I hope you have shown if you
liked my favorite and if you do not
the channel is enrolled and is
a hunter beauty then this is it worth
said that
to the next